[EXERTION]
'Wow, we can rent Mamoswine?'
[CURIOUS]
SERENA 'We have to get over a
snowy mountain'
'to get to Anistar City.'
Right!
That's why we need Mamoswine
who aren't bothered by snow
in the least.
Oh!
[FRIENDLY]
POKEDEX Mamoswine.
The Twin Tusk Pokémon.
As the temperature got hotter
after the ice age
'it is said many Mamoswine
disappeared.'
I'm Bonnie!
Nice to meet you!
[FRIENDLY]
‐ That tickles!
‐ That's really sweet.
And observing those gigantic
tusks up close is so impressive!
Sure is. Wow!
Okay, time to make your choice.
Then please return them
to one of our staff members
on the other side
of the mountain.
Right! We understand.
[AGREEMENT]
How many can ride on one?
Two, maximum.
Bonnie, how about I ride
with you.
Okay, Serena, looks like
it's you and me.
Right!
Remember, it's going
to be really cold.
We also have snow gear on hand,
in case you want to rent any.
That's great. Thanks a lot!
‐ Whoa!
[HAPPY]
‐ Oh‐oh‐oh!
‐ Ha‐ha‐ha!
Whoa! Mamoswine sure
are enormous, aren't they?
Hey, you doing okay back there?
[ENCOURAGING]
Hang in there, Clemont.
This is by far
the quickest way there!
Don't worry!
I'll be right here with you
the whole time, big brother!
Thanks a lot, little sis!
Alright, let's move on out!
[EXERTION]
BONNIE
'Go, Mamoswine! Let's win!'
CLEMONT
'Bonnie! This isn't a race!'
♪ You're just a kid on a quest ♪
♪ To be the best of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know
you're up to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way
to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a Hero be a Hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a Hero ♪
♪ The future of the world
is in your hand ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"Over The Mountain Of Snow!"
NARRATOR As our Heroes continue
their journey to Anistar City
where Ash will battle
for his seventh Kalos Gym badge
they're now crossing a snowy
mountain by riding Mamoswine.
‐ Huh! Check it out!
‐ Huh!
ASH
'That's steep and snowy!'
[INTIMIDATED]
Alright. We'll be the first ones
to go up that hill.
Then you two can come after us.
Right behind you, Ash.
The mountain pass
could be treacherous.
Nothing wrong with taking it
slow and easy.
Okay.
Make sure you hang on tight!
‐ Mm‐hm.
‐ Let's go, Mamoswine.
[DETERMINED]
[EFFORT]
You're doing just great.
[APPRECIATIVE]
Just a little more..
[DETERMINED]
[EFFORT]/[FATIGUE]
You can do it!
[all screaming]
‐ Huh!
[screaming]
[SHOCKED]
‐ Serena, you okay?
‐ Mm‐hm.
You did an amazing job stopping
us, Mamoswine.
Alright, Ash! I think we'd
better find another way around!
I don't know.
Let me take the reins, please?
‐ Huh!
‐ Come on, Ash!
Don't forget all the training
I got from my mom
the champion Rhyhorn racer.
That's right!
I know you'll be great.
Now, Mamoswine, all set?
Just relax and go slowly.
[AGREEMENT]
[EXERTION]
You're doing really well.
Slow and easy.
We'll be up on the top
in no time.
[EFFORT]
Nice and slow.
One step at a time.
That's it.
Just a little bit more.
I know you can do it!
[DETERMINED]
SERENA Wow! You're amazing,
Mamoswine!
‐ Yay!
‐ You did it!
Thank you so much!
‐ Phew!
‐ That was great, Serena!
[IMPRESSED]
Mamoswine did it, not me!
Just a little bit longer
and we'll reach the top.
[PLEASED]
Ohh! Ohh!
This is fun! Yay!
[EXERTION]
[DETERMINED]
[INTENT]
We really made it! Wow!
Alright!
CLEMONT
Ah! We're so high up!
‐ Let's climb down, right away!
‐ Relax!
We haven't been climbing
that long.
Bonnie's right.
So, let's move on out!
CLEMONT
Ahh!
Clemont, you'll be just fine!
[shivering]
So cold!
All because the Twerps forced us
to come to this frosty freeze!
We should have rented a few
Mamoswine like they did!
I don't do cold all that well
when I know my electric
blankie's waiting for me.
[Jessie laughs]
Now that's the way. You know
exactly the right thing to do!
[JOYOUS]/[SURPRISED]
We're not cold at all!
[laughs]
It's freezing!
Enough of this.
Now I want a sauna, stat!
‐ Mm‐hm.
Easy. Nice and easy.
What an amazing view!
[IMPRESSED]
[Serena screams]
[squealing]
Huh!
[all screaming]
Ash, I'm scared.
‐ I'm scared!
‐ Calm down, Serena!
It'll quit swaying
when the wind stops!
Yeah.
‐ Wow! What a relief.
‐ Okay, let's go!
Right.
Hey, guys,
we're right behind you!
Yay, that was fun!
[AMUSED]
[RELIEVED]
‐ Oh!
‐ Way to go, Serena!
[IMPRESSED]
Thanks, you two.
Oh! Thank goodness
we got through that.
Yay! Let's do it again!
Not for all the money
in the world.
Huh!
ASH
Let's keep going!
Jessie/James/Meowth
'Cold. So cold.'
[shivering]
There's a cave!
‐ Huh!
James/Jessie
Yippee!
[laughter]
‐ Huh? What is that?
‐ It's an Abomasnow!
JESSIE
Blocking the door, eh?
[ANGRY]
Say, I've been looking
around everywhere
for an understudy
for Gourgeist.
Perfect timing!
[EMERGING]
[READY]
Shadow Ball!
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
[ICE PUNCH MOVE]
Oy vey! Not a scratch!
Use Seed Bomb!
[SEED BOMB MOVE]
[WOOD HAMMER]
[PAINED]
Come on!
It's no walk in the park.
Okay. Inkay!
[EMERGING]
[READY]
Use Psybeam, now!
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
[EXERTION]
[ANGER]
[ICE BEAM MOVE]
[screaming]
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
We call foul!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[SATISFIED]
[CONCERNED]
[UNWELL]
‐ Oh!
‐ Huh!
[SURPRISED]
SERENA There's a boulder
blocking the path.
I don't see any other way
to get around it.
Yeah.
And we don't want to go back.
What should we do?
[CONFIDENT]
Hold on.
What are you two going to do?
[DUMBFOUNDED]
[DETERMINED]
[SCARED]/[DETERMINED]
Everybody!
You've got to hang on tight!
[screaming]
Oh!
[AMAZED]
Their power's incredible!
Yay, Mamoswine!
You're so strong!
[EMPHATIC]
You did it!
Yeah, Mamoswine. Thanks!
[PLEASED]
[chuckles]
[SURPRISED]
Hm? Something wrong, buddy?
[UNSURE]
[SURPRISED]
[CONCERNED]
‐ Huh!
[CONFUSED]
ASH
What is it this time?
Hey, Ash, I think we're going
the wrong way!
‐ Mamoswine?
‐ 'Please turn around!'
[URGENT]
I wonder if something's
in there.
[SUSPICIOUS]
Who's that?
POKEDEX Abomasnow.
The Frost Tree Pokémon.
'Abomasnow live quietly
on mountains'
'where it always snows.'
'They make blizzards
for camouflage.'
[SUSPICIOUS]
[FROST BREATH MOVE]
What's going on?
Mamoswine! Let's move!
[grunting]
[URGENT]
ASH 'Huh? Is that a Pokémon
back there?'
POKEDEX Snover.
The Frost Tree Pokémon.
'When the weather turns cold,
Snover moves'
'to lower elevations.'
'It returns to the mountain's
snow‐covered summit in spring.'
‐ Something's not right!
‐ Maybe that Snover's sick!
So that Abomasnow could be
protecting Snover.
SERENA
Ash?
Abomasnow!
We're not trying to hurt anyone!
So you've got to stop trying
to hurt us, okay!
[EMPHATIC]
[URGENT]
[UNSURE]
Abomasnow!
You've got to believe us!
That's right!
[URGENT]
[CALM]
‐ Let's go!
‐ Right!
‐ Thank you!
‐ Abomasnow?
You're really worried about
that Snover, right?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
How is it?
‐ Ah! Burning up.
‐ You're right.
We've got to do something.
Can you make it better,
Clemont?
Now, if I recall,
there should be spring moss
and mountain marigold somewhere.
Let's go find some
and give it to Snover.
‐ Spring moss?
‐ Mountain marigold?
‐ Here they are!
‐ 'Right.'
CLEMONT 'Spring moss is a plant
that grows in areas'
'around hot springs.'
'Mountain marigold blooms
wherever there's snow.'
If I remember, there's a hot
spring deep inside Frost Cavern.
Okay, Serena,
why don't we get busy
and look for some spring moss.
Right.
We'll go
look for mountain marigold.
Okay. Let's go!
Huh?
[EMPHATIC]
Chespin, so you'll look after
Snover for us?
[AFFIRMATIVE]/[CONCERNED]
Great.
You stay here, too, Pikachu.
And you, too, Braixen!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Okay, let's get going!
‐ Let's get going, too!
‐ Abomasnow!
We won't let you down, promise!
[CONFIDENT]
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Abomasnow!
[EXERTION]
‐ Huh?
It's kind of like a maze.
Let's check out each one.
Huh! A dead end.
Huh! Ah!
ASH
Not this way!
Ash? We can't search
all of them.
I know!
Alright, Noibat, I choose you!
[EAGER]
There's a hot spring somewhere
inside this cave.
Do you think you can find it
with your echolocation?
[CONFIDENT]
[ECHOLOCATION MOVE]
[EXCITED]/[URGENT]
Wow, you found it?
Then lead the way!
We'll never find anything
in all this snow.
Huh? Ha‐ha‐ha!
The future is now,
thanks to science!
Clemontic Gear, on!
I thought we'd encounter
a situation
precisely like this one.
I call it my Snow‐Flower Finder.
So what does it do?
It's obviously a machine
that can detect a flower's
faint scent while it blooms
under the snow
and then shows us its location!
Hey, maybe this one will work!
Leave it to me! Power, on!
[beeping]
‐ It's right below us!
‐ You found it already?
‐ Amazing!
‐ 'And that's your cue!'
[EXCITED]
Bunnelby.
I need you to dig out the flower
that's blooming here
under the snow.
[EAGER]
Hm?
You did it! Wait.
CLEMONT
'That's a Chesto Berry.'
So what does that mean?
Well, that's so strange.
I'll try it again
with the power on full!
[beeping]
Oh! It's detecting a lot more!
We'll just have to search
for them one by one!
Okay!
[SUFFERING]
[CONCERNED]
[ALARMED]
[WORRIED]
[URGENT]
[DETERMINED]
[SURPRISED]
[EXCITED]
[SKEPTICAL]
[CONFIDENT]
[EXERTION]
[EXERTION]/[ALARMED]
[ALARMED]
[PAINED]
[CONCERNED]
[REVIVED]
[RELIEVED]
[SUFFERING]
[INTENT]/[INTENT]
[THANKFUL]
[CONFIDENT]/[OPTIMISTIC]
[PLEASED]/[RELIEVED]
‐ Huh? Ah!
‐ Ah!
SERENA
It's a hot spring!
Which means, it should be here.
Huh?
Ash, look way over there!
'Spring moss!'
Yeah! Found it!
[chuckles]
I'm picking up a strong signal
around here.
Huh.
‐ Huh?
BONNIE
'Yay! Mountain Marigold!'
I have nothing that reaches
that high.
‐ I'll go get it!
‐ Huh?
‐ Bonnie?
‐ Hey, don't worry.
Alright then,
I'll leave this up to you.
Okay!
Go!
[grunting]
‐ I got it!
‐ Nice job, Bonnie!
It's the science Twerp.
‐ 'I'm bringing you down!'
‐ What are they up to?
Will this help Snover feel
better?
Yeah. I'm sure
it'll do the trick!
Snover, eh?
Might have something to do
with that Abomasnow we saw.
Well, I'm ready for revenge!
[EMPHATIC]
It's all done.
I want you to drink this.
Snover should be feeling better
soon. It needs a good rest.
What a relief!
[RELIEVED]
[PLEASED]
[ALARMED]
What now?
Abomasnow!
[SCARED]
‐ Mamoswine?
‐ Who are you?
ASH How could you do something
so wrong?
Prepare for trouble,
one question at a time!
Though asking us three
would amount to a crime!
To protect the world
from devastation!
To unite all people
within our nation!
To denounce
the evils of truth and love!
To extend our reach
to the stars above!
‐ Jessie!
‐ And James.
Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light!
Surrender now or prepare
for a flash‐frozen fight!
Meowth, that's right!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Team Rocket!
What are you doing
with Abomasnow?
JESSIE Preparing it
for Team Rocket rule!
We won't let you do that!
[EMPHATIC]
Ha! You big‐talking Twerp.
You couldn't beat a rug!
Gourgeist!
[HOSTILE]
Okay, Inkay!
'Join the fray!'
[CONFIDENT]
Pikachu and I will distract
Gourgeist.
And while you're doing that,
we'll rescue Abomasnow!
‐ You've got it!
‐ You can do it, Clemont!
Quit with the annoying yapping!
Now, Gourgeist, rain down
on them with Shadow Ball!
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
ASH
'Pikachu, Electro Ball!'
[EXERTION]/[ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
‐ Now!
‐ Right!
[INTENT]
Huh? Whoa, there.
You're not taking
Abomasnow. Psybeam, let's go!
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
[screaming]
Alright, Chespin,
use Pin Missile!
[INTENT]/[PIN MISSILE MOVE]
[ALARMED]/[PAINED]
[ANGRY]
Okay, let it go!
No! Not with this Dark Pulse!
[DARK PULSE MOVE]
Dodge and use Iron Tail!
[EXERTION]
[IRON TAIL MOVE]
[PAINED]
Over here!
[ANGRY]/[SHOCKED]
Now, Chespin, use Vine Whip
and give Braixen a little help!
[VINE WHIP MOVE]
[INTENT]
Quick Braixen, use Scratch!
[SCRATCH MOVE]
[gasping]
[ANGRY]
Here we go.
Pikachu, use Thunderbolt!
[DETERMINED]
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[ICE BEAM MOVE]
[all screaming]
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
We're blasting off again!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
We did it!
[EXCITED]
Huh?
[PLEASED]
Wow, looks like Snover's
feeling fine!
[HAPPY]
[EXCITED]/[HAPPY]
‐ That's great!
‐ Sure is!
Mm‐hm.
[DELIGHTED]
[WARM]
ASH
See you!
[WARM]
Take good care of yourselves!
‐ See you again sometime!
‐ Bye‐bye, you two!
[WARM]
It was a wild ride,
but we managed to do it
with everybody pitching in.
Yeah!
[PROUD]
We all simply used
our strong points
to cover everybody else's
weaknesses.
I'd say we all make a pretty
excellent team.
Mm‐hm! We're the best team ever!
‐ Hey, I see a town!
‐ Just a little bit further.
It won't be long now!
CLEMONT/BONNIE
Yeah!
NARRATOR Working together,
our Heroes managed
to help Abomasnow and Snover.
And with their successful trek
over a snowy mountain
it's on to the Anistar Gym,
as the journey continues!
[theme music]